Welcome to Test 1 in CSC2510.  This test should cover topics including the
Linux/Unix terminal, Git, and Bash scripting.  The test is made up of 15 questions
with question 4 being the most complex and taking the greatest length of time.  The last
11 questions are rapid fire and should take very little time to complete as compared to the
first four (4) scenario based questions.

You have been hired as a consultant to help the cluckHub company with Unix related tasks.  The folks at cluckHub have set you up an account to use, consulatant.  
Given the prompt below, please provide the following you would use to:

consultant@CSC2510 ~ %
  
1.  What single line command would you use to create a new repository in the location below(which does not exist yet) with default branch of "Test1".  
Note, this process should be completed on a single line by chaining commands together. Additionally, note that the creation of the repo
should only occur if the first part of the chained command works. (5 pts)  After createing the default branch,
what command would you use to create a new branch of "Test1-Working"(5 pts)

/Users/consultant/cluckHub


2.  Given the prompt below, what command would you use to create a new empty file with the name of "auto.sh" without opening a text or code editor? (4 pts)  

consultant@CSC2510 cluckHub %

3.  After creating this new empty file, you need to update the permissions to give the owner group read and execute rights;
    the owner read, execute, and write rights;
    and others rights to only read the file. (6 pts)

What command would you use to accomplish this? (25 pts)

4.  Using the editor of your choice, please open the the previously created auto.sh file for editing.  Once you have the shell script open,
    please provide the content you would add for the following:


- The auto.sh file will be used to search through all files and directories within a user's home directory and create a new log file listing the files.
  that contain that word regardless of case. The script should be designed to recieve input from users for the parameter of the word they are wishing to 
  find.  When defining this input in your script, please keep in mind that the input is part of the automation process and should not expect interactive 
  prompts from users. The output from the search findings should be saved to a new file each time.  The file name will be the same as the word the user is 
  searching for and should have an extension of .log.  For example, if I was looking for the word hippo, the output file should be called hippo.log.

- HINT:  The searching of the files and directories should be done using the grep command

---------------

REPLACE THIS STATEMENT BETWEEN THE DASHED LINES  WITH THE CONTENT OF YOUR NEWLY EDITED auto.sh file

---------------


Rapid Fire Questions

5.  What one line command can be used in a bash script to display "What is your name" and capture the user's input to a variable strName? (5pts)

6.  When working with conditional statements in a bash script, what is the symbol or keyterm to  compare if intValue1 is greater than or equal to intValue2
    within the conditional test?  Note intValue1 and intValue2 are numbers. (5 pts)

7.  What is the command to show the current directory? (5 pts)

8.  What Git command can be used to show any files that are currently staged or have been modified since the previous commit? (5pts)

9.  What command should you use to create a checkpoint for the all the work you have currently completed for the test in the Git repo? (5pts)
----Note the message should indicate that you have completed the test.

10. Please list six (6) commands that can be used to view the contents of the file test.log which is 8 lines long. (5 pts)

11. Please provide a one line command that will create a file called history.txt that includes all the commands a user has run in the current 
    terminal session. (5 pts)

12. What chaining character(s) will allow a user to run subsequent commands regardless if the previous command is successful? (5 pts)

13. What command should be used to run auto.sh as a background process? (5 pts)

14. What command should be used to rename the file auto.sh to autofirst.sh? (5 pts)

15. What command should be used to delete the directory hipposRule that currently contains other files? (5 pts)


BONUS:  To be elgible for any curve or extra points, please indicate your favorite ice cream flavor below.
